[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yeah, so there
are a couple of used like I was saying.
Obviously you need web packaging around
this and then you'll need the babel
loader and the json loader to be
able to use those with webpack.
And so those are the things that
you would normally npm install, but
we'll just stick them right in here.
webpack, and
we could use the latest beta, but
we do not actually need it, so
we will use the latest version.
We will also stick the json
loader right here, and
that version I think you all
have installed is 0.5.4.
And then there is the babel-loader,
and the version you have is 6.2.4.
>> Kent C. Dodds: With
those things installed,
then we're going to alter our
build scripts a little bit.
So I'm gonna change this
original build to be build:main,
we would add another
build that is build:umd.
And yet another one, well, we'll build
that other one here in a second,
but we'll have other one to
build a minified version of umd.
So here we'll use the web pack cli, and
we're gonna specify an output
file name to be index.umd.js.
Yeah, and that's it, with that you should
be able to run your build:umd script.
Yeah, is there a question?
>> Tim: Yeah, did you cancel that one?
Once the browser is support module loading
does that remove the need for umd?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Good question, Tim.
You don't need to use umd if
you what you're distributing
is consumable in every environment
you care it to be consumed in.
There is the principle,
the application of that is,
let's assume that browsers and
you have six imports.
Then you don't need to
transpile the imports and
exports or the six modules and
you can just distribute that.
You might still be transpiling
the next cool hipster features.
And so you may still have babel
in your build pipeline, but
you won't need to transpile those
things and you probably wont need umd.
But until all of the platforms that you're
delivering to support the way that you're
distributing your module,
you have to distribute your module in a
way that's consumable on those platforms.
Does that make sense?
Okay, sweet, so let's go ahead and
run this npm, run build:umd.
And we'll see, we'll get some output,
index.umd.js and index.umd.js.map.
We'll go to our dist directory,
and there they are.
Let's explore this for a little bit.
So this should looks slightly familiar.
Here we're checking exports as
an object and modules as an object.
So it's detecting CommonJS a little bit
differently than what we saw before and
then it's detecting amd in
pretty much the same way.
It's using the define API
slightly differently,
but that's not super important.
And then it also is checking
some other module style.
I'm not even familiar with what
module style this would be.
But then the default case would
just stick it onto the global,
so whatever this is bound to
in the global name space.
In the case of the browser,
that'll be Window.
And so, if somebody is not getting
any new files in their disk directory,
I would recommend running git
diff FEM/08, for some reason
it's not auto completing for me.
But that's what you want to diff against.
I'm pretty sure that I should
have all the branches.
That's funny.
Yeah, I'm not sure that I can help
you right now with that, sorry.
The build time is now five seconds for
such a simple project, is that normal?
Yeah, let's go ahead and
take a look at that really quick.
So run time npm run, well here.
Actually, we'll look at
that a little bit later,
cuz we still have a couple
of more things to do.
Okay, so let's ahead and
we'll copy on this code,
we'll pull open a browser window and
just paste it into our console.
So it actually works.
You can just put it right in the browser,
right in the console.
And because we told webpack that we want
it to be called starWarsNames on window,
we can say starWarsNames, and we get
an object that has an all property, and
also a random function that we can
call and get random Star Wars names.
It totally works in the browser,
which is pretty cool.
And this is the unminified version.
It's generally nice to distribute
a minified version as well and
we're going to add another
script that is very
similar to the previous
called build:umd.min.
And with this one, we're just gonna
change one, well, two things.
We'll say index.umd.min and
it will add the -p flag,
which will turn on a couple plugins from
webpack to minify our code and stuff.
It stands for production.
So with that we can run,
$npm run build:umd.min
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
we can look at the minified code, [SOUND].
>> Kent C. Dodds: It's great.
>> Kent C. Dodds: So
let me show you a little bit.
The webpack API itself is Google-able, so
that's why I'm not showing
you as much about that.
But let me kind of explain more
conceptually what webpack is
doing here cuz I think that is
something that is less Google-able.
So first what you see is runtime for
webpack.
This is how webpack defines what's
called the webpack require function.
It replaces all of your required
statements with webpack
required statements.
And so then in here we get our code,
_uniqueRandomArray, and it replaced all
of our imports and require statements.
Actually what happens is Babel
transpiles your import statements into
CommonJS require statements and
then hands that off to Webpack, and
then Webpack turns those into
Webpack require statements.
And so, we're now,
webpack requiring everything that we need.
And that is basically the whole mantra for
us.
But what webpack is also
doing is it bundling our
dependencies as well, so
we can ship this as a standalone library.
And so here we have this file,
which is actually a unique random array.
And this is npm to the T right here.
Unique random array isn't just this code,
but
it has a dependency itself and
that's a module called uniqueRandom.
That uniqueRandom is this module here.
So, yeah, there's npm for ya.
They like modularizing things
into tiny little chunks.
And incidentally, those are both by
Sindre Sorhus, who does lots of that.
And then the JSON loader is
responsible for this bit.
So remember, this used to be a JSON file.
The JSON loader just basically turns
it into a JavaScript module by
saying module exports equals and
then whatever the JSON file was.
That's how we can take all of this stuff,
copy it, stick it right in our console and
it works.
Any questions there?
I'm not sure if I'm saying this
name right, I'm sorry about that.
But the question is,
does the order of dev dependencies matter?
Not at all.
And in fact when you check out the next
branch or any time you run npm install
--save or save dev,
any time npm does anything
with your package JSON it's gonna
reformat it and reorder everything.
So you don't need to worry about
the order, just put it wherever.
Like I said, most of the time you're
just gonna be running npm install.
Okay, cool, let me just make sure that
I covered everything I wanted to cover.
Right, one other thing that we're going to
want to do is for our validate script now.
We're building three things,
we're building a main umd and
a umd min and
we're going to add a build script
that composes all of these things to
run at the same time and in parallel.
So, here we're going to say
npm-run-all --parallel build: *,
this is just part of the npm-run-all API.
It allows you to if your using this
kind of convention with something and
than colon and than some more stuff,
than it will just allow you to say okay I
want you to run everything under build.
Almost like it's a child
of the build script, so
than it'll run all three
of these in parallel.
And now with our validate script
running test, lint, builds,
main, build:umd, and build:umd.min.
And with that your validate script.
Here I'm actually gonna time it,
npm run validate.
It will take a moment.
So taking me three seconds,
three and a half seconds,
that is, fairly typical even for
a smaller library.
Likely you'll only run
this when you commit and
I don't think three seconds
is crazy long or anything.
If you think it's long than
port requests are welcome.
I'm sure people would love to
have you speed their stuff up.